Any questions about what I've shown you so
far?
>> Can I import external CSS, with lazy?
>> You could.
Yeah, can you import external CSS
using lazy like from an external CDN?
>> Yeah.
>> I think you just wanna
let the browser do that.
I don't think you'd want to react
in [INAUDIBLE] To handle that?
You would just say like load CSS and
let the browser handle that.
I wouldn't necessarily use lazy for that.
But what I will say is like
let's say here in details
I had CSS and
I just said import css/style.css.
This would be smart enough that
it would split out this and
it would come with that
lazily loaded component.
So that's how you would kind
of like do what you're asking.
>> Is there any way you can also add
like a pre-catch, preload to these?
>> That's a great question.
So he's asking,
can I add like a prefetch or
a preload to these things cuz like,
let's say I land on the homepage, and
I know they're about to
go to the sign up page.
Can I get ahead of that for them?
So, this is actually something I
implemented myself when I was working at
Netflix and
help some of the engineers do it there.
It's called resource hinting
is what you're getting at.
You need to be one really careful because
a lot of times you don't actually know
what the user is about to do.
So you don't wanna load resources greedily
when the user is not about to use them.
In particular, if you're targeting
in markets where data is expensive,
just be very careful about that.
Now, that being said, the way that
I would achieve what you're doing,
it's not gonna be via resource hinting.
What you gonna do is you're gonna have
a service worker in the background.
Go out and fetch those resources.
And then when react makes a network
request for that js, they'll actually hit
the service worker first and the service
worker will serve that request.
So actually it have been prefetched by the
service worker and then serve to react.
And react we'll know the difference.
That's your question?
>> Yes.
So the bigger like, if there was
like a modal that they might use,
you can use something like that on it
to kind of just like, really load it?
>> Exactly, that's exactly it.
That's how I would do it, there's
probably a way to like pre-populate those
caches with parcel, but you're
really into the weeds at that point.
Like you're messing with parcel
internals at that point and
that's this a scary place to be.
Whereas like that,
service work thing would always work, and
it would work really well.
Okay, let's actually go
implement modal really quick.
So, head back,
let's see what's my notes here?
Go into details.js.
So what I want to show you here, if I
click adopt Luna it loads this nice modal.
Now let's say this modal again
loaded moment js and rxjs and
also all of webassembly,
all at once to show this modal.
It's great idea.
So, user experience I
came up with just now.
Let's say this is a very heavy modal and
we only want it to load that modal
whenever it was necessary on this page.
We can do the exact same thing.
Delete the model here.
Say lazy up here.
And we're gonna say const Modal= lazy.
Function, import./modal.
That's it.
We have done everything we don't even
have to reset up the suspense because
the suspense is already above it right,
like I didn't change that.
That's still up here, it can still use
that suspense because that suspense is
just gonna bubble up until it finds the
other, imports is gonna bubble up until
it finds a suspense, it hits that it's
like okay, I'm gonna load this here.
So now, let's look at this page.
We're gonna look at JS that gets loaded.
As soon as I click adopt Luna,
it's gonna go really fast.
This is all local, but notice it's
gonna load modal.js, which it did.
And if you were very much paying attention
you we're seeing the flash of loading.
Now, modal.js was 10 kilobytes.
And that's in development mode,
which means it's probably under
a kilobyte zipped and minified.
So this was objectively horrible
idea what I just showed you.
But now I've shown you how to
split even outside of routes.
>> Brian does this using the lazy and
lazy loading format does
that work in other bundlers besides
the one we're using right now?
>> Most definitely.
So the question is, does this lazy
loading work outside of parcel,
does this work in webpack,
does this work in esbuild?
So it definitely works in webpack,
it works in snowpack, it works in parcel.
So this import is respected
like it's an official
Java scripts standard made by TC 39.
So all of the bundlers are looking for
this import statement as a way of
like a point where you can split.
The only one today that doesn't
handle that I know as esbuild.
It's actually why I didn't
choose esbuild for this course,
it's cuz I knew this wasn't gonna work.
Otherwise, I would have
shown you esbuild for
the rest of the course cuz it
works as well as parcel does.
And it's significantly faster.
They are working on it.
So it will eventually be an esbuild,
they're just taking their time with it.
So what I have shown you now this is
everything up until all of code splitting.
So if you want to see what we did,
it was here code splitting.
And that's it, that's really
all there is to code splitting.
It's a pretty straightforward thing to do
for react, they make it really easy for
you without lazy API.
Thy used to be a lot harder.
You had to use a component
called react loadable.
And previous versions of
this class did use that.
But now with lazy it's very simple to do.
>> In the [INAUDIBLE] Fallback,
can I load the component forward?
>> So can you use a lazy
component in the fallback?
Yeah.
>> No [LAUGH] That would kind
of defeat the purpose too.
It's a good question, but you wouldn't
want to lazy load a loading component.
>> [INAUDIBLE] A component and load
that into fallback app as a component?
>> So yeah, you can create like a nice
fancy like loading js that makes
us elaborate loading, animation,
and then you can load that in and
show that here and it would just
look like instead of h2 like this,
you would have fancy loading, right?
Something like that.
You could definitely do that.
You wouldn't wanna lazy load it,
that's all